That's the biggest quake yet.
And that rumbling is enough
to tear the Demon Realm apart!
All we can do now
is put our faith in the Savior.
We're counting on you, Percival.
The fate of the Demon Realm
rests on your shoulders.
I can't keep my footing!
Is this the Behemoth
our demon captives told us about?
The monster... Where is it?
My eardrums are going to explode!
Percy?
Percy! What's wrong?
What's wrong with him?
I don't know, but something's off.
Percy!
Percival! Come back to us!
I'm a Life Spirit?
Naw, no way! That's impossible.
I lived with my grandpa for 16 years
on the Finger of God.
I'm a human, and my name is Percival.
Wrong.
You merely inhabit this vessel
that is the human named Percival.
Like these guys, we have no form,
and we have no individual identity.
Your vessel would have known
it was a Spirit when it was a baby.
But as you were raised
in the loving hands of a human,
an emotion unknown to Spirits
began to well up inside of you.
You came to believe you were human,
and you forgot your Spirit ancestry.
This is the truth.
We are Life Spirits.
We are a Piece of the Great One.
You lie. This makes no sense at all!
I am human! I am the grandson
of the Holy Knight Varghese!
This is why I kept it from you.
You never would have believed me.
Not unless you heard it from Ironside,
who made you this way,
or from someone who knew all the details.
I'm scared... Help me...
I don't like it!
I'm scared! Bad things, go away!
Hey, what are they all so afraid of?
They're afraid of what
you're all out here looking for.
The door to Camelot.
Please...
- Help us...
- Please...
Do they want me to help them?
But I wouldn't even know how to help them.
No need to think about it.
Just say what's in your heart.
- I'm scared!
- I'm so scared!
Help us!
Don't be scared. It'll be all right.
- Please, no!
- I'm scared!
There's nothing scary out here.
Nor will there be.
We'll handle the door, one way or another.
- There's nothing bad?
- Nothing bad?
- Nothing will happen?
- Won't happen?
It's okay.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
It'll be okay.
- It'll be okay.
- Okay.
- Nothing will happen.
- It'll be okay.
Looks like they've calmed down.
So they heard me?
- We're not scared anymore.
- Thank you.
- I feel happy.
- I'm sleepy.
You gave them hope.
Through hope, we bring life.
And through despair, we bring death.
I still don't believe
a word you're saying.
I am Varghese's grandson. I am Percival.
Believe what you like.
You'll see soon enough.
You'll see why this "Percival" was born.
Percy! Percival! Wake up!
The shaking and the rumbling...
It's all dying down?
Hey, you guys.
The miasma's disappearing?
Schwarz.
This is Master Percival's doing.
So Ironside was right.
Hey, why is everyone...
Percival! We were so worried.
You've regained consciousness.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Hey, it's going to be all right now.
Behemoth has gone back to sleep.
It's asleep?
Is that why the quaking
and the miasma's gone away?
But how? And when?
Well, you see... Behemoth was calling to me.
You mean while you were in that trance?
I... think so.
So what happened?
Well!
All I did was talk to the Life Spirits
that were living inside Behemoth.
What?
You spoke with Life Spirits?
Impossible! Life Spirits
are the highest form of Spirits out there.
As if a pleb like you--
Percival, are you sure you're all right?
Anne...
Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, that's good then.
Yeah.
Hey Anne, what's up?
Everyone, look!
Look at that!
That's... the door, isn't it?
Doesn't look anything
like the one our brand makes.
There is no doubt.
Camelot is that way.
- Everyone! Let us hurry!
- Right!
Wait! We've got to get Gawain back.
- Of course.
- Let's do it.
I'll help too.
You need to run!
You're not going anywhere.
Sword Draw: Ruthless Highwind.
Can you perceive my Sword Draw?
Lancelot!
To see through and deflect a Sword Draw...
It's a miracle.
So much more monstrous than the rumors.
Was he trying to kill us with the door?
If it weren't for Lancelot...
The door!
The door's still there.
I cannot allow you to go any further.
Your defeat here and now
has been prophesied.
Hey, it's him.
Yeah.
He's the one who escaped
with Ironside at Sistana.
The one to deliver your coup de grâce
should really be Ironside instead of me.
However, I hereby accept this task.
Percival, O Knight of the Apocalypse.
I challenge you to a duel!
You want to battle with me?
Yes, Percival. If you are
a Knight of Prophecy, you will accept,
Percival!
Don't do it.
- What's with her?
- Why is the enemy...
Rosebank. What are you doing?
Sir Mortlach.
Must it all end in bloodshed?
Percival saw me as the enemy,
and still he came to my aid.
Can we not just talk this out?
Remember your vows.
We each swore an oath
to protect what is precious to us
by destroying the Knights of Prophecy
who are set to destroy Camelot.
I...
I understand.
I accept your challenge.
Good answer.
This is bad.
Percival, here!
That's...
the Percival Sword.
Why are you giving this to me?
Rosebank! How dare you?
They disappeared.
Where did they go?
Where am I?
This is where we duel.
You and me.
What's that?
The monuments behind us
are a symbol of the burdens we bear.
Whenever somebody accepts my duel,
they are summoned to this arena.
That is my power.
Duelist.
Rule number one.
The only way to leave is to be killed
or be otherwise incapacitated.
It's one or the other!
Rule number two.
No magic allowed during the duel.
The only thing you may rely on
is pure brute strength.
Percival. I know everything about you.
I know what you really are,
and why you were born.
You'll see soon enough.
You'll see why this "Percival" was born.
That is why.
I will end you before you become
even more of a nuisance.
Then I will make you tell me
everything you know.
You bastards! What did you do to Percival?
We failed him.
He was right there in front of us!
You! Humans! You'll pay for this!
As much as you'll be paying too.
O Chaos. Show us the strength
that is the origin of all creation.
I offer you the promised six.
This is...
Whoa!
Nice catch.
What just happened?
This is bad.
I'm not normally one to fight with humans.
But it's too late now.
Now, show me the power
granted to you by Chaos...
Testament Beast!
Perfect. Armor is only
a hindrance for you.
So you are Lancelot,
the one who bested my master.
I knew it the minute
you dodged my Sword Draw.
You're not even trying here.
You really are something else.
I could say the same of you.
So? What's your name?
Some call me Tomintoul.
I abandoned my real name
along with my former master.
You may call me Nanashi.
That's what suits me best.
Looks like I'll have some fun with you.
I am Nanashi, sword instructor
to my master, King Arthur.
Now, let us begin!
It seems Mortlach and his group
have begun their battle
with the Four Knights of the Apocalypse.
Even better, Percival has been dragged
into Mortlach's dueling arena.
Congratulations, Your Majesty.
With one less Knight of the Apocalypse,
the prophecy is sure to fail.
Magic is not permitted
within the confines of the Duelist arena.
The only thing you may rely on
is pure brute strength.
My brother-in-law
is a far greater swordsman than I.
Percival. You are destined
to meet your end there.
We met once before,
but I never did say my name.
It's Mortlach.
Mortlach. Can I ask you something?
Sure.
You said the monuments behind us
are a symbol of the burdens we bear.
Who is that behind you?
Does he know what you
and your friends are doing?
Does he know King Arthur orders you
to take the homes of those in Britannia?
Does he know the pain
you've caused to all the races?
When I was but a boy,
my sister was five years older than me,
and I was always by her side.
Our mother died at an early age.
This drove our father to drinking,
and he was a mean drunk.
My sister looked out for me,
and raised me in place of our parents.
A few years later, she got married.
She married Ironside, and bore his child.
Dad had a child? That means...
But then the Holy War shattered
what should have been a joyous occasion.
She was poisoned by the rotting flesh
that fell from the Demon King.
Ironside tried everything to cure her.
But she died.
This is Diodora, her orphaned son.
He is my one and only shining light.
He is who I risk my life to protect.
Diodora... is my brother?
But he too was poisoned
while still in the womb.
His time was running out.
The only reason he is still with us today
is because of Camelot's divine protection.
Do you understand?
You're the ones who want to take from us!
You would take the only place
Diodora can live!
You would take his life!
You have no right
to take it all away from him.
I understand how you feel.
But we definitely have to stop
King Arthur and my father.
But most importantly, I have my friends.
I cannot lose. For their sake!
Which means we are left with no choice
but to fight!
Then I will fight for my friends,
even if it costs me my life!
BANQUET FOR BRAVES
Subtitle translation by: Rychelle Brittain